this was the last time he led a
motorcycle
this was stated by the systems engineer
who was hit by a car
while she is traveling by way of
palmas an event that was registered in
an amateur video the first sensation
it is not a very strong pain in the back
a center made immediately by
think that I could have stayed
invalid and then after many hours
they confirmed me in the hospital that no
He had spinal fractures according
motorcyclist the accident happened so
quick he did not realize that it was
run over by the driver of 19 years
who fled the place without helping him
even I did not feel that they had
hit with a car because the shock
came as the platform then first thing
what I thought is I went against the separator
of the way or something teleantioquia
news communicated by telephone with the
father of the young driver of the automobile
who assured that his reaction was
motivated by a nervous breakdown the
young person is at the disposal of
authorities while the insurer
advance the procedures to respond
the motorcyclist
he did not have the caution of words
with all the seriousness the can
with the video as evidence of the facts
the authorities advance in the
research to establish
responsibilities in the accident that
presented this Wednesday in the kilometer
12 the way the palms in jurisdiction of
sent the video with help for
identify the vehicle and subsequently
the people who caused this kind
of rights and then the prosecution will opt
for giving the arrest warrant
the motorcyclist who will recover
injuries that it presents in the clavicle
back to arms and legs establishes before
the prosecutor's office the criminal complaint against the
vehicle driver